Terragrunt config (#1096)
newrelic/developer-website: src/markdown-pages/terraform/terragrunt-configuration.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: Does this doc need a nav entry in `sidenav.json`?

Author: In a previous PR, I created a /terraform landing page. I think that page will need a nav entry in the sidenav

Reviewer: Perfect!

<Video id="ivbp4e8t1f" type="wistia" />

</Intro>

## Before you begin

To use this guide, you should have some basic knowledge of both New Relic and Terraform. If you haven't deployed a New Relic open source agent yet, [install New Relic](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/agents/manage-apm-agents/installation/install-agent) for your application. Also, [install the Terraform CLI](https://www.terraform.io/intro/getting-started/install.html).

Start by initializing a working directory:

You will also need to install Terragrunt to follow this guide:
```bash
brew install terragrunt
```

To follow the examples in this gude, the accompanying example code is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/jsbnr/nr-terragrunt-intro-example)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jsbnr/nr-terraform-intro-example.git
```

<Steps>

<!-- TTERRAGRUNT CONFIGURATION -->

<Step>

## Create a new configuration

Terragrunt is a wrapper that provides extra tooling for your Terraform configurations. In the next steps, you will create a new configuration using Terragrunt, Terraform, and New Relic.

Start by initializing a working directory:
```bash
mkdir terragrunt-config && cd terragrunt-config
```

> In the new directory, create a `terragrunt.hcl` file, create a  ./src directory, and create a `./evironments` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the new directory, create a `terragrunt.hcl` file, create a `./src` directory, and create a `./environments` directory:
```

Spotted a typo

```bash
touch terragrunt.hcl
mkdir src
mkdir environments
```

> Inside of your __environments__ folder, create a folder named __dev.__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside of your `environments` folder, create a folder named `dev`.
```

I noticed in the previous section, you use inline code to denote the folders. To maintain consistency, should these also use the same convention?

> In the `./src` directory, create a __main.tf__ and __provider.tf__ fiiles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `./src` directory, create a `main.tf` and `provider.tf` files:
```

Same here. Should these also use inline code to denote the files (this feedback would apply to the whole file)?

Also spotted a typo here

```bash
mkdir environments/dev
touch src/main.tf
touch src/provider.tf
```

In the __provider.tf__ file add the appropriate Terraform and New Relic provider configuration information:
```hcl
terraform {
    required_version = "~> 0.14.3"

>     required_providers{

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    required_providers {
```

        newrelic = {
		source = "newrelic/newrelic"
		version = "~>2.14.0"
	}
    }
}
```

In the __main.tf__ add a New Relic alert policy named DemoPolicy:
```hcl
resource "newrelic_alert_policy" "DemoPolicy" {
	name = "My Demo Policy"
}
```

In the `./enviromments/dev` directory create a new file named `terragrunt.hcl`
```bash
cd ./enviroments/dev/
touch terragrunt.hcl
```

> Inside the dev folder __terragrunt.hcl__ add an include statement. The include statement tells Terragrunt to use any `.hcl` confgiuration files it finds in parent folders.

Reviewer: This is worded a little funky. Should there be a qualifier before `terragrunt.hcl`? Or maybe change the wording from `Inside the dev folder` to `Change the file`?

Reviewer 2: How about : "Within the dev folder update the `terragrunt.hcl` file by adding the following include statement."

```hcl
include {
	path= find_in_parent_folders()
}
```

> Next, add a Terraform block to provide Terragrunt with a Terraform soruce

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, add a Terraform block to provide Terragrunt with a Terraform source reference
```

```hcl
terraform {
	source = "../../src"
}
```

Now you need to configure the provider with your New Relic account details.
```hcl
provider "newrelic" {
 	account_id = 12345 # Your New Relic account ID
 	api_key = "NRAK-***" # Your New Relic user key
 	region = "US" # US or EU (defaults to US)
}
```

> Tip: Documentation about the New Relic provider is provided on the [Terraform doc site.](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs)

Reviewer: We should wrap this in a `<Callout variant="tip">` component

> Update the __provider.tf__ file to include your New Relic account information using variables keeping the Terraform configuration dynamic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update the __provider.tf__ file to define the New Relic account variables that will help keep the Terraform configuration dynamic.
```

[output] selections it made above. Include this file in your version control repository
[output] so that Terraform can guarantee to make the same selections by default when
[output] you run "terraform init" in the future.
[output]
[output] Terraform has been successfully initialized!
[output]
[output] You may now begin working with Terraform. Try running "terraform plan" to see
[output] any changes that are required for your infrastructure. All Terraform commands
[output] should now work.
[output]
[output] If you ever set or change modules or backend configuration for Terraform,
[output] rerun this command to reinitialize your working directory. If you forget, other
[output] commands will detect it and remind you to do so if necessary.
[output] [terragrunt] [/Users/jsius/Sites/deco/terragrunt-config/environments/dev] 2021/02/02 13:30:31 Copying lock file [output] from /Users/jsius/Sites/deco/terragrunt-config/environments/dev/.terragrunt-cache/e-PoBgWhdv3v8QGOtDQxS_WeYu4/
[output] 69zjIFUfApJiUt8gFmi-6-dcPe8/.terraform.lock.hcl to /Users/jsius/Sites/deco/terragrunt-config/environments/dev
```

Run `terragrunt plan`:
```bash
terragrunt plan
```

> Terragrunt starts to run but pauses to ask for the inputs to the variables added to the __provider.tf__ file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Terragrunt starts to run but pauses to ask for the inputs to the New Relic account variables added to the __provider.tf__ file.
```

```bash copyable=false
[output] {muted}# Example output
[output] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[output]
[output] 2/02 13:32:08 Running command: terraform plan
[output] var.newrelic_account_id
[output]  Enter a value:
[output] Interrupt received.
```

> Exit the `terragrunt plan` process. In the environments/dev __terragrunt.hcl__ file, add an inputs block to provide the values for your New Relic account vairables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exit the `terragrunt plan` process. In the `environments/dev/terragrunt.hcl` file, add an `inputs` block to provide the values for your New Relic account variables:
```

Maybe its just me, but I'd prefer we output the full path so this is easy to follow. Also spotted a typo.

Reviewer 2: CTRL + C to exit
```suggestion
Exit the `terragrunt plan` process with CTRL+C . In the `environments/dev/terragrunt.hcl` file, add an `inputs` block to provide the values for your New Relic account variables:
```

```hcl
inputs = {
	newrelic_personal_apikey = "NRAK-***" # Your New Relic account ID
	newrelic_account_id = "12345" # Your New Relic account ID
	newrelic_region = "US" # US or EU (defaults to US)
}
```

> Remove the New Relic account variables added to the provider.tf file in the previous steps. The updated terragrunt.hcl only has the include, terraform, and inputs block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the New Relic account variables added to the provider.tf file in the previous steps. The updated terragrunt.hcl only has the `include`, `terraform`, and `inputs` block
```

Wrapped the terraform specific variables in inline code to better denote that these are related to the code blocks.

> Remove the New Relic account variables added to the provider.tf file in the previous steps. The updated terragrunt.hcl only has the include, terraform, and inputs block

Reviewer 2: I dont understand this, why are you asking them to remove the variables from provider.tf

Should it not look like this? https://github.com/jsbnr/nr-terragrunt-intro-example/blob/main/src/provider.tf

Author: This was an error, I meant to delete them from the `environments/dev/terragrunt.hcl` file.

```hcl
include {

> 	path= find_in_parent_folders()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	path = find_in_parent_folders()
```

}

terraform {
	source = "../../src"
}

inputs = {
	newrelic_personal_apikey = "NRAK-***" # Your New Relic account ID
	newrelic_account_id = "12345" # Your New Relic account ID
	newrelic_region = "US" # US or EU (defaults to US)
}
```

> Now, when you run `terragrunt plan`, Terragrunt will provide the input block's values, no longer prompting the command line for values.  Run `terragrunt plan`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, when you run `terragrunt plan`, Terragrunt will provide the input block's values, no longer prompting the command line for values.
```

The first sentence implies that the reader should run `terragrunt plan`. Removed the 2nd sentence here to avoid repetition.

```bash copyable=false
[output] {muted}# Example output
[output] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[output]
[output] An execution plan has been generated and is shown below.
[output] Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:
[output]  + create
[output]
[output] Terraform will perform the following actions:
[output]
[output]  # newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy will be created
[output]  + resource "newrelic_alert_policy" "DemoPolicy" {
[output]    + account_id     = (known after apply)
[output]    + id         = (known after apply)
[output]    + incident_preference = "PER_POLICY"
[output]    + name        = "My Demo Policy"
[output]   }
[output]
[output] Plan: 1 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.
[output]
[output] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[output]
[output] Note: You didn't specify an "-out" parameter to save this plan, so Terraform
[output] can't guarantee that exactly these actions will be performed if
[output] "terraform apply" is subsequently run.
```

> Run `terragrunt apply`. After Terraform finishes process, check your New Relic account for the new Demo Policy in your New Relic account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `terragrunt apply`. After Terraform finishes process, check your New Relic account for the new Demo Policy.
```

Since you've already stated "check your New Relic account", I removed the repeated "in your New Relic account" bit.

</Step>

<!-- ADDING TO YOUR CONFIGURATION -->

<Step>

## Adding to your configuration

> Now that you have a basic New Relic configuration created, you add configurations built in the [Getting Started with Terraform](/terraform/get-started-terraform) and [Terraform modules](/terraform/terraform-modules) guides in this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have a basic New Relic configuration created, add configurations built in the [Getting Started with Terraform](/terraform/get-started-terraform) and [Terraform modules](/terraform/terraform-modules) guides in this step.
```

> <Callout variant="tip">
> If you haven't done the previous developer guides, you can copy the configurations for this section from the <a href="https://github.com/jsbnr/nr-terragrunt-intro-example">Terragraunt Intro Github Repo</a>.
> </Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout variant="tip">

If you haven't done the previous developer guides, you can copy the configurations for this section from the [Terragraunt Intro Github Repo](https://github.com/jsbnr/nr-terragrunt-intro-example).

</Callout>
```

Rather than using anchor tags directly, let's try and use markdown where possible. One glitch with markdown inside of a JSX component is that you need to add surrounding newlines for the content inside the JSX tag. This will be fixed when MDX v2 comes out, but for now, this is the best way to use embedded markdown inside JSX.

> Update the __main.tf__ to include the addtional terraform configurations. Update the emaiil address in the alert channel to your prefered email address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the __main.tf__ to include the additional terraform configurations. Update the email address in the alert channel to your preferred email address:
```

```hcl
resource "newrelic_alert_policy" "DemoPolicy" {
	 name = "My Demo Policy"
	}

resource "newrelic_alert_channel" "DemoChannel" {
	 name = "My Demo Channel"
	 type = "email"

	 config {
	 recipients = "your@email_address.com"
	 include_json_attachment = "1"
	 }
	}

	resource "newrelic_alert_policy_channel" "ChannelSubs" {
	 policy_id = newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy.id
	 channel_ids = [
	 newrelic_alert_channel.DemoChannel.id
	 ]
	}

	module "HostConditions" {
	 source = "git::https://github.com/jsbnr/demo-terraform.git"
	 policyId = newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy.id
	 cpu_critical = 88
	 cpu_warning = 78
	 diskPercent = 68
	}

> ```

Reviewer: I notice the code blocks mix styles a few times. We should try and keep these as consistent as possible.

In some cases, I noticed 2 space indentation:

<img width="511" alt="Screen Shot 2021-02-02 at 4 02 25 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/565661/106679849-50ba5d00-6572-11eb-8bd7-aea686325d64.png">

While others had 4:

<img width="503" alt="Screen Shot 2021-02-02 at 4 02 29 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/565661/106679882-5b74f200-6572-11eb-9413-5f15bcf52433.png">

It also looks like the indentation is a bit weird with the first line for this particular code block:

<img width="508" alt="Screen Shot 2021-02-02 at 4 02 42 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/565661/106679913-6b8cd180-6572-11eb-976d-77636c258009.png">

I'm not very familiar with terraform, so I'm not really sure what the preferred code style is here, but could you do a sweep and try and make these code blocks have a consistent style?

> You have added a New Relic alert channel, subscribed the DemoPolicy to the alert channel, and added a module hosted on Github.

Reviewer: [I noticed above](https://github.com/newrelic/developer-website/pull/1096/files#diff-cc8a9f5526b93409d5131c6ff2aaad33922d8d56764c68109dec2f80c02bb0a8R247) that `DemoPolicy` was 2 words. Should this also be 2 words? Or should the above reference change to a single word like this one? Or maybe these are indeed different?

Reviewer 2: I would suggest:
```suggestion
You have added a New Relic alert channel, subscribed the demo policy to the alert channel, and added a module hosted on Github.
```

> To clone the module from Github, run `terragrun init` and then run `terragrunt apply`. After Terraform is done processing, You will see your Demo Policy now has two conditions in your New Relic account and one alert channel attached.

Reviewer: I see the switch back to `Demo Policy` (two words) here. Should this be a single word or should the above reference change?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clone the module from GitHub, run `terragrun init` and then run `terragrunt apply`. After Terraform is done processing, You will see your Demo Policy now has two conditions in your New Relic account and one alert channel attached.
```

Reviewer 2: Again I would suggest "demo policy"

</Step>

<!-- ADDING ENVIRONMENT VARIABLE -->

<Step>

## Using your Environment as a Terragrunt Variable

Using Terragrant, you can add the name of the environment you are running to the name of the data you are creating, making your resource more identifiable in New Relic.

> In the root __terragrunt.hcl__ file, create a new input for 'env_name'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the root __terragrunt.hcl__ file, create a new input for `env_name`
```

Try to use inline code blocks where possible when talking about code so that its easy to connect the two.

```hcl
inputs = {
	env_name = "develop"
}
```

> in the __main.tf__ file add a new varialble for 'env_name'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the __main.tf__ file add a new variable for 'env_name'
```

```hcl
variable "env_name" {}
```

> Using string interpolation add the new __env_name__ variable to the alert policy and alert channel resource blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using string interpolation, add the new `env_name` variable to the alert policy and alert channel resource blocks.
```

	 name = "${var.env_name}: My Demo Policy"
	}

resource "newrelic_alert_channel" "DemoChannel" {
	 name = "${env_name}: My Demo Channel"
	 type = "email"

	 config {
	 recipients = "your@email_address.com"
	 include_json_attachment = "1"
	 }
}
```

Run `terragrunt plan` to see the environment variable added to the configuration name.
```bash copyable=false
[output] {muted}# Example output
[output] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[output]
[output] # newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy will be updated in-place
[output] ~ resource "newrelic_alert_policy" "DemoPolicy" {
[output]    id         = "1216533"
[output]   ~ name        = "My Demo Policy" -> "develop: My Demo Policy"
[output]    # (2 unchanged attributes hidden)
[output]  }
[output]
[output] # newrelic_alert_policy_channel.ChannelSubs must be replaced
[output] -/+ resource "newrelic_alert_policy_channel" "ChannelSubs" {
[output]   ~ channel_ids = [
[output]     - 4737437,
[output]    ] -> (known after apply) # forces replacement
[output]   ~ id     = "1216533:4737437" -> (known after apply)
[output]    # (1 unchanged attribute hidden)
[output]  }
```

> Currently, the environment variable name is hardcoded into the root __terragrunt.hcl__ file. You want to avoid having your variables hardcode, using a terragrunt built-in function will pass the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the environment variable name is hardcoded into the root __terragrunt.hcl__ file. You want to avoid having your variables hardcoded, using a terragrunt built-in function will pass the value.
```

The 2nd sentence here is worded a bit funny. Should that be broken up into 2 sentences instead of separated by a comma?

> In the root __terragrunt.hcl__ file, update the input to use the `path_relative_to_include()` built-in function and pass the value has the env_name variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the root __terragrunt.hcl__ file, update the input to use the `path_relative_to_include()` built-in function and pass the value has the `env_name` variable:
```

```hcl
inputs = {
	env_name = path_relative_to_include()
}
```

> Run `terrafgrunt plan`. Looking that the output, the env_name variable will have the entire `./environments/dev/` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `terrafgrunt plan`. Looking that the output, the `env_name` variable will have the entire `./environments/dev/` path.
```

```bash copyable=false
[output] {muted}# Example output
[output] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[output]
[output] # newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy will be updated in-place
[output] ~ resource "newrelic_alert_policy" "DemoPolicy" {
[output]    id         = "1216533"
[output]   ~ name        = "My Demo Policy" -> "environments/dev: My Demo Policy"
[output]    # (2 unchanged attributes hidden)
[output]  }
[output]
[output] # newrelic_alert_policy_channel.ChannelSubs must be replaced
[output] -/+ resource "newrelic_alert_policy_channel" "ChannelSubs" {
[output]   ~ channel_ids = [
[output]     - 4737437,
[output]    ] -> (known after apply) # forces replacement
[output]   ~ id     = "1216533:4737437" -> (known after apply)
[output]    # (1 unchanged attribute hidden)
[output]  }
[output]
[output] Plan: 2 to add, 1 to change, 2 to destroy.
```

> Next, update the __terragrunt.hcl__ to only include 'dev' as the env_name variable. Adding a locals block creates a local variable, using the replace built-in function will remove the unwanted parts of the relative path, and update the inputs block to use the local variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, update the __terragrunt.hcl__ to only include 'dev' as the `env_name` variable. Adding a `locals` block creates a local variable, using the replace built-in function will remove the unwanted parts of the relative path, and update the `inputs` block to use the local variable.
```

```hcl
locals {
	env_name = replace(path_relative_to_include(), "environments/", "")
}

inputs = {
	env_name = local.env_name
}
```

> Run `terrafgrunt plan`. Looking that the output the env_name variable will now have 'dev:' added.   Run `terragrunt apply` to update your configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `terragrunt plan`. Looking at the output the `env_name` variable will now have 'dev:' added.   Run `terragrunt apply` to update your configurations.
```

[output]  # newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy will be updated in-place
[output]  ~ resource "newrelic_alert_policy" "DemoPolicy" {
[output]     id         = "1216533"
[output]    ~ name        = "My Demo Policy" -> "dev: My Demo Policy"
[output]     # (2 unchanged attributes hidden)
[output]   }
[output]
[output]  # newrelic_alert_policy_channel.ChannelSubs must be replaced
[output] -/+ resource "newrelic_alert_policy_channel" "ChannelSubs" {
[output]    ~ channel_ids = [
[output]      - 4737437,
[output]     ] -> (known after apply) # forces replacement
[output]    ~ id     = "1216533:4737437" -> (known after apply)
[output]     # (1 unchanged attribute hidden)
[output]   }
[output]
[output] Plan: 2 to add, 1 to change, 2 to destroy.
```
</Step>

<!-- STORING STATE REMOTELY -->

<Step>

## Storing the State Remotely

At the moment, the state file is local. The next steps will update your Terraform configurations to remove the local state file and use a file stored remotely in Amazon S3.

<Callout variant="tip">
Since Terragrunt allows you to configure multiple environments, various state files will need to be store in separate S3 buckets, not to override each other.
</Callout>

> Terragrunt allows you to generate files on the fly. Adding the remote_state block into the root level __terragrunt.hcl__ file, you will generate a new file named __backend.tf__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terragrunt allows you to generate files on the fly. Adding the `remote_state` block into the root level __terragrunt.hcl__ file, you will generate a new file named __backend.tf__.
```

```hcl
 remote_state {
  backend = "s3"
  generate = {
    path      = "backend.tf"
    if_exists = "overwrite_terragrunt"
  }
  config = {
    bucket = "my-terraform-state"

    key = "${path_relative_to_include()}/terraform.tfstate"
    region         = "us-east-1"
    encrypt        = true
  }
}
```

> After adding the remote_state block, you will need to give the configuration for the S3 bucket that will store the Terraform state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the `remote_state` block, you will need to give the configuration for the S3 bucket that will store the Terraform state.
```

<Callout variant="tip">
To give access to the S3 bucket in your Amazon account, create an IAM user. Give the IAM user access to the S3 bucket storing the terraform state.
</Callout>

> Now, update the remote_state block to provide your S3 bucket and update the key to use the local enviroment variable created previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, update the `remote_state` block to provide your S3 bucket and update the key to use the local environment variable created previously.
```

```hcl
 remote_state {
  backend = "s3"
  generate = {
    path      = "backend.tf"
    if_exists = "overwrite_terragrunt"
  }
  config = {
    bucket = "YOUR_S3_BUCKET_NAME"

    key = "envs/${local.env_name}/terraform.tfstate"
    region         = "us-east-1"
    encrypt        = true
    profile		= "YOUR_PROFILE_NAME"
  }
}
```

Next, run `terragrunt plan`.

If you look in the Amazon S3 bucket, you will see a folder named __envs.__ Within the envs folder is a directory called __devs__ containing __terraform.tfstate__ file.

> <Callout variant="tip">
> To see the files created by Terragrunt, look inside of the ./enviroments/dev directory. There is a hidden directory named __terragrunt-cache.__ Within the __terragrunt-cachev__ directory, you will see the __backend.tf__ file that Terragrunt generated.
> </Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout variant="tip">

To see the files created by Terragrunt, look inside of the ./enviroments/dev directory. There is a hidden directory named __terragrunt-cache.__ Within the __terragrunt-cachev__ directory, you will see the __backend.tf__ file that Terragrunt generated.

</Callout>
```

It looks like the embedded markdown isn't parsed correctly and this text is instead rendered verbatim. The space surrounding the content should fix this.

<img width="1010" alt="Screen Shot 2021-02-02 at 4 30 39 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/565661/106680774-033eef80-6574-11eb-9a92-d8e3cfcdaaf4.png">

</Step>

<!-- CREATE A NEW ENVIRONMENT -->

<Step>

## Creating a New Environment

> Now that you have a working configuration for your dev environment, the next steps you will create a new environment resuing the dev configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have a working configuration for your dev environment, you will create a new environment reusing the dev configurations in the next steps.
```

In the environments directory, create a new folder names __nonprod.__ In the nonprod folder, create a new __terragrunt.hcl__ file:
```bash
mkdir nonprod && cd nonprod
touch terragrunt.hcl
```

> In the  nonprod terragrunt.hcl file copy over the configuration from the environment __terragrunt.hcl__:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the nonprod `terragrunt.hcl` file copy over the configuration from the environment __terragrunt.hcl__:
```

```hcl
include {
	path= find_in_parent_folders()
}

terraform {
	source = "../../src"
}

inputs = {
	newrelic_personal_apikey = "NRAK-***" # Your New Relic account ID
	newrelic_account_id = "12345" # Your New Relic account ID
	newrelic_region = "US" # US or EU (defaults to US)
}
```

<Callout variant="tip">
If you are using a different account for your nonprod environment, you can update the inputs with a new New Relic account ID and API key.
</Callout>

Inside of your __nonprod__ directory, run `terragrunt init` then run `terragrunt apply`.

In the output, you will see Terraform has created a new set of resources. The new resources should have the nonprod name prefixed.

</Step>

<Step>

</Step>
Terragrunt has created two environments, but there is no difference between them other than the name.

Adding variables in the configurations allows your configurations to be more dynamic. In the next steps, you will add variables to your configurations.

> In the __main.tf__ add new variables for the Host Conditions modules cpu_critical, cpu_warning, and diskPercentage values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the __main.tf__ add new variables for the Host Conditions modules `cpu_critical`, `cpu_warning`, and `diskPercentage` values:
```

```hcl
variable "cpu_critical" {default = 89}
variable "cpu_warningl" {default = 79}
variable "diskPercentage" {default = 69}
```

> In the __main.tf__ update the HostConditions module values to use the cpu_critical, cpu_warning, and diskPercentage variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the __main.tf__ update the `HostConditions` module values to use the `cpu_critical`, `cpu_warning`, and `diskPercentage` variables:
```

```hcl
module "HostConditions" {
	 source = "git::https://github.com/jsbnr/demo-terraform.git"
	 policyId = newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy.id
	 cpu_critical = var.cpu_critical
	 cpu_warning = var.cpu_warninig
	 diskPercent = var.dskPercentage
	}
```

> Run `terragrunt plan`. In the output, the HostConditions values have changed to use the variable defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `terragrunt plan`. In the output, the `HostConditions` values have changed to use the variable defaults.
```

> Next, you want to pass the values into your environment configurations by adding the inputs block variables. In the __nonprod terrgrunt.hcl__ fiile, add the cpu_critical, cpu_warning, and diskPercentage variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you want to pass the values into your environment configurations by adding the inputs block variables. In the `nonprod/terrgrunt.hcl` file, add the `cpu_critical`, `cpu_warning`, and `diskPercentage` variables:
```

Let's use file path syntax where possible

```hcl
inputs = {
	newrelic_personal_apikey = "NRAK-***" # Your New Relic account ID
	newrelic_account_id = "12345" # Your New Relic account ID
	newrelic_region = "US" # US or EU (defaults to US)

	cpu_critical = 50
	cpu_warninig = 40
	diskPercentage = 98
}
```

Run `terragrunt apply`. In your New Relic account, you will see a new policy with configurations changed based on the environment.
</Steps>

## Conclusion

> Congratulations! You've used Terragrunt to generate your New Relic configurations and managed multiple environments.  Review the [New Relic Terraform provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs) and [Terragrunt quick start](https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/getting-started/quick-start/) to learn how you can take your configuration to the next level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You've used Terragrunt to generate your New Relic configurations and manage multiple environments.  Review the [New Relic Terraform provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs) and [Terragrunt quick start](https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/getting-started/quick-start/) to learn how you can take your configuration to the next level.
```

> Congratulations! You've used Terragrunt to generate your New Relic configurations and managed multiple environments.  Review the [New Relic Terraform provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs) and [Terragrunt quick start](https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/getting-started/quick-start/) to learn how you can take your configuration to the next level.

Reviewer 2: Can we add a link to my example project too perhaps? https://github.com/jsbnr/nr-terragrunt-intro-example

Start by initializing a working directory:
```bash
mkdir terragrunt-config && cd terragrunt-config
```
In the new directory, create a `terragrunt.hcl` file, create a `./src` directory, and create a `./environments` directory:
```bash
touch terragrunt.hcl
mkdir src
mkdir environments
```
Inside of your `environments` folder, create a folder named `dev`.
In the `./src` directory, create a `main.tf` and `provider.tf` files:
```bash
mkdir environments/dev
touch src/main.tf
touch src/provider.tf
```

In the __provider.tf__ file add the appropriate Terraform and New Relic provider configuration information:
```hcl
terraform {
	required_version = "~> 0.14.3"
	required_providers {
		newrelic = {
			source = "newrelic/newrelic"
			version = "~> 2.14.0"
		}
	}
}
```

In the __main.tf__ add a New Relic alert policy named DemoPolicy:
```hcl
resource "newrelic_alert_policy" "DemoPolicy" {
	name = "My Demo Policy"
}
```

In the `./environments/dev` directory create a new file named `terragrunt.hcl`
```bash
cd ./environments/dev/
touch terragrunt.hcl
```

> Within the dev folder update the `terragrunt.hcl` file by adding the following include statement. The include statement tells Terragrunt to use any `.hcl` confgiuration files it finds in parent folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the `dev` folder update the `terragrunt.hcl` file by adding the following `include` statement. The `include` statement tells Terragrunt to use any `.hcl` confgiuration files it finds in parent folders.
```

```hcl
include {
	path= find_in_parent_folders()
}
```

Next, add a Terraform block to provide Terragrunt with a Terraform source reference.
```hcl
terraform {
	source = "../../src"
}
```

Now you need to configure the provider with your New Relic account details. You will need your [New Relic user API key](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/api-keys-ui.api-keys-launcher) and account ID.
```hcl
provider "newrelic" {
	account_id = 12345 # Your New Relic account ID
	api_key = "NRAK-***" # Your New Relic user key
	region = "US" # US or EU (defaults to US)
}
```

<Callout variant="tip">

> If you have a single account: The account ID is displayed on the API keys page.

Reviewer: Is there a link we can provide to the API keys page to make it easy for the reader to visit?

If your organization has multiple accounts: From [one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/), select Entity explorer and use the account selector dropdown near the top of the page.

</Callout>

<Callout variant="tip">

Documentation about the New Relic provider is provided on the [Terraform doc site.](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs)

</Callout>

Update the __provider.tf__ file to define the New Relic account variables that will help keep the Terraform configuration dynamic.
```hcl
variable "newrelic_personal_apikey" {}
variable "newrelic_account_id" {}
variable "newrelic_region" {}

provider "newrelic" {
	account_id = var.newrelic_account_id
	api_key = var.newrelic_personal_apikey
	region = var.newrelic_region
}
```

> In your terminal, change directories to the environments/dev folder and run the command `terragrunt init`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your terminal, change directories to the `environments/dev` folder and run the command `terragrunt init`:
```

```bash
terragrunt init
```

> Terraform init sets up a bit of context, sets up environment variables, and then runs `terraform init`.

Reviewer: Would it make sense to say something like, "You will see the following output:" after this sentence?

[output]
[output]  # newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy will be created
[output]  + resource "newrelic_alert_policy" "DemoPolicy" {
[output]    + account_id     = (known after apply)
[output]    + id         = (known after apply)
[output]    + incident_preference = "PER_POLICY"
[output]    + name        = "My Demo Policy"
[output]   }
[output]
[output] Plan: 1 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.
[output]
[output] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[output]
[output] Note: You didn't specify an "-out" parameter to save this plan, so Terraform
[output] can't guarantee that exactly these actions will be performed if
[output] "terraform apply" is subsequently run.
```

Run `terragrunt apply`. After Terraform finishes process, check your New Relic account for the new Demo Policy.
</Step>

<!-- ADDING TO YOUR CONFIGURATION -->

<Step>

## Adding to your configuration

Now that you have a basic New Relic configuration created, add configurations built in the [Getting Started with Terraform](/terraform/get-started-terraform) and [Terraform modules](/terraform/terraform-modules) guides in this step.

<Callout variant="tip">

> If you haven't done the previous developer guides, you can copy the configurations for this section from the [Terragraunt Intro Github Repo](https://github.com/jsbnr/nr-terragrunt-intro-example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't done the previous developer guides, you can copy the configurations for this section from the [Terragrunt Intro Github Repo](https://github.com/jsbnr/nr-terragrunt-intro-example).
```

</Callout>

Update the __main.tf__ to include the additional terraform configurations. Update the email address in the alert channel to your preferred email address:
```hcl
resource "newrelic_alert_policy" "DemoPolicy" {
	name = "My Demo Policy"
}

resource "newrelic_alert_channel" "DemoChannel" {
	name = "My Demo Channel"
	type = "email"

	config {
		recipients = "your@email_address.com"
		include_json_attachment = "1"
	}
}

resource "newrelic_alert_policy_channel" "ChannelSubs" {
	policy_id = newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy.id
	channel_ids = [
		newrelic_alert_channel.DemoChannel.id
	]
}

module "HostConditions" {
	source = "git::https://github.com/jsbnr/demo-terraform.git"
	policyId = newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy.id
	cpu_critical = 88
	cpu_warning = 78
	diskPercent = 68
}
```

You have added a New Relic alert channel, subscribed the demo policy to the alert channel, and added a module hosted on Github.

> To clone the module from GitHub, run `terragrun init` and then run `terragrunt apply`. After Terraform is done processing, You will see your Demo Policy now has two conditions in your New Relic account and one alert channel attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clone the module from GitHub, run `terragrunt init` and then run `terragrunt apply`. After Terraform is done processing, You will see your Demo Policy now has two conditions in your New Relic account and one alert channel attached.
```

</Step>

<!-- ADDING ENVIRONMENT VARIABLE -->

<Step>

## Using your Environment as a Terragrunt Variable

> Using Terragrant, you can add the name of the environment you are running to the name of the data you are creating, making your resource more identifiable in New Relic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Terragrunt, you can add the name of the environment you are running to the name of the data you are creating, making your resource more identifiable in New Relic.
```

[output] ------------------------------------------------------------------------
[output]
[output] # newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy will be updated in-place
[output] ~ resource "newrelic_alert_policy" "DemoPolicy" {
[output]    id         = "1216533"
[output]   ~ name        = "My Demo Policy" -> "develop: My Demo Policy"
[output]    # (2 unchanged attributes hidden)
[output]  }
[output]
[output] # newrelic_alert_policy_channel.ChannelSubs must be replaced
[output] -/+ resource "newrelic_alert_policy_channel" "ChannelSubs" {
[output]   ~ channel_ids = [
[output]     - 4737437,
[output]    ] -> (known after apply) # forces replacement
[output]   ~ id     = "1216533:4737437" -> (known after apply)
[output]    # (1 unchanged attribute hidden)
[output]  }
```

Currently, the environment variable name is hardcoded into the root __terragrunt.hcl__ file. You want to avoid having your variables hardcoded, using a terragrunt built-in function will pass the value.

In the root __terragrunt.hcl__ file, update the input to use the `path_relative_to_include()` built-in function and pass the value has the `env_name` variable:
```hcl
inputs = {
	env_name = path_relative_to_include()
}
```

> Run `terrafgrunt plan`. Looking that the output, the `env_name` variable will have the entire `./environments/dev/` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `terragrunt plan`. Looking that the output, the `env_name` variable will have the entire `./environments/dev/` path.
```

		key = "${path_relative_to_include()}/terraform.tfstate"
		region         = "us-east-1"
		encrypt        = true
	}
}
```

After adding the `remote_state` block, you will need to give the configuration for the S3 bucket that will store the Terraform state.

<Callout variant="tip">

To give access to the S3 bucket in your Amazon account, create an IAM user. Give the IAM user access to the S3 bucket storing the terraform state.

</Callout>

Now, update the `remote_state` block to provide your S3 bucket and update the key to use the local environment variable created previously.
```hcl
remote_state {
	backend = "s3"
	generate = {
		path      = "backend.tf"
		if_exists = "overwrite_terragrunt"
	}
	config = {
		bucket = "YOUR_S3_BUCKET_NAME" # Amazon S3 bucket required

		key = "envs/${local.env_name}/terraform.tfstate"
		region         = "us-east-1"
		encrypt        = true
		profile		= "YOUR_PROFILE_NAME" # Profile name required
	}
}
```

Next, run `terragrunt plan`.

If you look in the Amazon S3 bucket, you will see a folder named __envs.__ Within the envs folder is a directory called __devs__ containing __terraform.tfstate__ file.

<Callout variant="tip">

> To see the files created by Terragrunt, look inside of the ./enviroments/dev directory. There is a hidden directory named __terragrunt-cache.__ Within the __terragrunt-cachev__ directory, you will see the __backend.tf__ file that Terragrunt generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the files created by Terragrunt, look inside of the `./environments/dev` directory. There is a hidden directory named __terragrunt-cache.__ Within the __terragrunt-cache__ directory, you will see the __backend.tf__ file that Terragrunt generated.
```

In the output, you will see Terraform has created a new set of resources. The new resources should have the nonprod name prefixed.

</Step>

<Step>

</Step>
Terragrunt has created two environments, but there is no difference between them other than the name.

Adding variables in the configurations allows your configurations to be more dynamic. In the next steps, you will add variables to your configurations.

In the __main.tf__ add new variables for the Host Conditions modules `cpu_critical`, `cpu_warning`, and `diskPercentage` values:
```hcl
variable "cpu_critical" {default = 89}
variable "cpu_warningl" {default = 79}
variable "diskPercentage" {default = 69}
```

In the __main.tf__ update the `HostConditions` module values to use the `cpu_critical`, `cpu_warning`, and `diskPercentage` variables:
```hcl
module "HostConditions" {
	source = "git::https://github.com/jsbnr/demo-terraform.git"
	policyId = newrelic_alert_policy.DemoPolicy.id
	cpu_critical = var.cpu_critical
	cpu_warning = var.cpu_warninig
	diskPercent = var.dskPercentage
}
```
Run `terragrunt plan`. In the output, the `HostConditions` values have changed to use the variable defaults.

> Next, you want to pass the values into your environment configurations by adding the inputs block variables. In the `nonprod/terrgrunt.hcl` file, add the `cpu_critical`, `cpu_warning`, and `diskPercentage` variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you want to pass the values into your environment configurations by adding the inputs block variables. In the `nonprod/terragrunt.hcl` file, add the `cpu_critical`, `cpu_warning`, and `diskPercentage` variables:
```
